Eric Song

1. I would fit my automated task "within a Github action that runs whenever code is pushed." This option supports the iterative development paradigm; as I am adding new features and pushing it to my repository, it ensures that none of the other functionality breaks from my new changes. The second option, manually running it, does not follow this idea of automatic testing. My code working locally does not guarantee that the finalized product, after pushing to the repository, will work. If I run all my scripts after my development is done, it is difficult to tell why something is going wrong. If I have a version that works and a version causing the scripts to fail, I have a smaller space to search for the bug.

2. No. I would not use an end to end test to ensure that a function is returning the correct output. This type of check does not require a comprehensive, end-to-end test that is checking for functionality. I don't need to look at if the code is functioning overall; I can just check to see if the function is returning the correct output with unit tests.

3. Navigation gathers various performance metrics as the website loads for the first time. The use case for navigation would be for analyzing how well your website loads in for the user when the user visits your site for the first time. To contrast this, Snapshot analyzes the page at the current point in time. Snapshot, in contrast to Navigation, does not provide these navigation metrics. For example, Navigation provides a metric to measure how fast your DOM content loads in. Snapshot will give information about the current DOM being shown on the screen. Snapshot's usecase is more suited for accessibility analysis, while Navigation focuses more on the performance part of the site.

4. One potential improvement that could be made to increase the SEO score is to provide a meta description for this document. We can also improve the accessibility by adding a lang attribute to the html element; otherwise, screen readers could have difficulties reading our website. We can improve the best practices score by adding in a `<meta name="viewport">` tag with `width` or `initial-scale`. This can improve performance by optimizing the app for mobile screen sizes and (according to Lighthouse) "a <meta name="viewport"> not only optimizes your app for mobile screen sizes, but also prevents a 300 millisecond delay to user input."
